flash: Add eon as first example, init Cmake (IDFGH-8624) (#2)
espressif/esp-flash-drivers: esp_flash_nor/README.md

- Espressif will do basic reviewing (format, simple logic check, etc.) for the PRs
- Contributors should do functionality tests on actual flash chips
- Users should do all necessary tests, including integrated tests, stress tests, stability tests themselves. Users should be responsible for:
    - Verify 3rd party flash drivers.
    - Verify related flash models (including their stability, continuous supply) before selecting them into the supply chain. Note supply voltage and temperature may affect a lot to the performance of the flash chips.

# Usage

> This component should be used with [custom_flash_driver](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/storage/custom_flash_driver) example together. And you can follow this [instruction](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/blob/master/examples/storage/custom_flash_driver/README.md) for how to use this component and implement the new flash driver. We appreciate for submitting new flash implementation in this component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an [simple example](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/storage/custom_flash_driver) about how to use this component. You can also follow [this instruction](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/blob/master/examples/storage/custom_flash_driver/README.md) for how to implement a customized driver for your flash with this component. 

Contributions for more customized flash driver, or bug fixes are appreciated. 
```

Reviewer: Please split two parts:

- First part for the user: documentation about where can we add the patch, how to use the patch from this component, where to find the example.
- Second part for contributors or people who would like to customize the driver. Actually this example is not to help them too much on this purpose. It should be the responsibility of ESP-IDF flash document. But users' out come are welcome in this component, so we can give them a hint where to find the documentation (in ESP-IDF programming guide) on how to do it.

# Example

> We use EON as our first example, you can global search key word `EON` and you can find what need to do and how to add an 3rd party flash. If there are something or step not clear enough, please report [issues](https://github.com/espressif/esp-flash-drivers/issues).

Reviewer: This should point to the example in ESP-IDF.

And the part: what is needed should be well-documented instead of telling user to search in the code.

With the help of the documentation in ESP-IDF, the description of supporting EON should be simple, just mention which steps are required for EON, and maybe where can user find the code.

About issue report, we can put it elsewhere (for example contributions part), or even remove it.

Author: right. Ok, this part will just give some simple links. As for detailed instructions will in idf.

    - Verify 3rd party flash drivers.
    - Verify related flash models (including their stability, continuous supply) before selecting them into the supply chain. Note supply voltage and temperature may affect a lot to the performance of the flash chips.

# How to implement your driver

> 

Reviewer: Suggest add a list of all the places that can (need to) be overrided.
